Artemis Financial is a consulting company that specializes in helping users with their savings, investments, and retirement accounts. In my role, I was responsible for assessing and documenting vulnerabilities and creating a mitigation plan to ensure the security of their software against external threats. When identifying these vulnerabilities, I provided justifications for why I believed certain parts of the codebase were susceptible to external threats. Software security is crucial because sensitive information in the wrong hands can lead to significant damage to an individual's credit or even result in criminal activities using a user's identity. If your website is considered insecure and proven to have caused data breaches, it becomes challenging for customers to trust your site again, not to mention the potential lawsuits that could arise if such incidents occur.The most challenging aspect of the vulnerability assessment was running the static tests within Eclipse. Every time I attempted to run these tests, I encountered compiler errors, which required reconfiguring the directory. To enhance security, I implemented error handling for cases where the web API didn't load properly. I also improved the security of communication within the web application by using HTTPS instead of just HTTP. I will continue to use static testing tools in the future to ensure that the dependencies I utilize in my web applications are not vulnerable to threats. After refactoring, I executed "mvn clean install" in the terminal and then tested the application locally to check for functionality. Subsequently, I used a dependency checker to verify that no vulnerabilities were introduced into my project. I utilized the Maven dependency checker, proper error handling, and my knowledge of Spring Security's built-in library, which I find valuable for future tasks. When presenting this project to potential employers, I would highlight the well-structured document as evidence of my strong written communication skills. This document effectively communicates the vulnerabilities that were identified and outlines a comprehensive plan of action to mitigate external threats.
